##Tasks Description
### Resource Collection:

The requester Jean, she is a 22 years old college student. Jean likes dogs a lot, she thinks she need to do something to help the abandoned dog-Oscar, finding someone to take care of the dog. Then she comes up with a good idea that she can make a story for Oscar! People who read the story can learn the difficulty of the dog, and if the story can touch people’s heart than someone might be willing to make a good ending for Oscar. However, Jean is not a good writer, but she knows that there is a tool that can help her. What she has to do is just provide some materials and information about Oscar and the crowd would help her make a story. After taking pictures of Oscar, she selects one or more of them and submit them into the system. She is required to input the topic and the description of main purpose for this task. Then, Jean also adds some information of the dog provided by a shelter and a short video clip taken in the shelter. Now the system receives Jean’s photos, descriptions and a video clip, the system then post it to the crowd.

### Highlighting: 

The information submitted by requester is cluttered. Multiple sources and forms do create a big context. Worker Goh, happens to be a dog lover. Hence, he picks this idea. Among other workers, he is asked to pick and choose which information is important and highlight it. In case of a picture, Goh can circle the important feature in the picture (a dog in this case), in the video, to point to a certain timestamp in the video. In the text he can highlight an important detail, quantity (age of a dog) or a text feature (dog needs to be transported ASAP). After Goh done his work, another worker keep refining the highlighting. Based on Goh’s contribution he add more highlights and also give a suggestion to change the circle in one picture, because he think the most important part is not only on the dog, but the dirty cage where Oscar lives. He writes his suggestion beside the photo with a new added circle, highlighting the cage. Then later coming workers can further judge which point he likes. Multiple workers keep iteratively highlighting, refining and leaving comments for highlights; finally they provide a clear picture about this story.

### Creative writing:

Before the worker Miro starts his content creation, he refers to the given information. The information show the highlighted attributes of the dog Oscar, which can help to guide Miro in his creation process and the description. Besides writing, Miro can vote on the content additions of other workers or propose changes himself. Process is stopped as soon as a requester (Jean) is happy with a story of a dog Oscar, and so, he can find a loving owner. 